W-18797693 |  UCM in ACK's - Release version 2.10.2 (#3033)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: edifact-edi/2.9/modules/ROOT/pages/edifact-edi-connector-reference.adoc

** CloudHub 1.0, CloudHub 2.0, and Runtime Fabric deployments with multiple workers or replicas
** Hybrid standalone deployments, including clustered Mule runtimes
| AUTO |

> |Acknowledge every transaction | Boolean a| Whether to include UCM Segment in acknowledgement of every transaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Acknowledge every transaction | Boolean a| Whether to include the UCM Segment in the acknowledgement of every transaction:
```

> |Acknowledge every transaction | Boolean a| Whether to include the UCM Segment in the acknowledgement of every transaction:

Reviewer 2: this isn't showing up in the preview for some reason, i think you may be missing some |

* true
+

> The connector uses the configured *ackAllSets* value to include UCM Segment for every transaction even if the EDIFACT message is not rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector uses the configured *ackAllSets* value to include the UCM Segment for every transaction, even if the EDIFACT message is not rejected.
```

+
* false
+

> The connector only includes UCM Segment when its rejected and not for every transaction.| false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector only includes the UCM segment when the EDIFACT message is rejected, not for every transaction.
```

Author: This one should also highlight that we will not add UCM for every transaction even when rejected. This is existing behavior and will need to leave it for backward compatibility.

> The connector only includes the UCM segment when the EDIFACT message is rejected, not for every transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector only includes the UCM segment when the EDIFACT message is rejected, not for every transaction. | |
```
